Strike a pose strike a pose vogue vogue look around, everywhere you turn is heartache its everywhere that you go you try everything you can to escape the pain of life that you know when all else fails and you long to be something better than you are today i. know a place where you can get away its called a dance floor and heres what its for, so come on, vogue let your body move to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can do it all you. need is. your own imagination so use it thats what its for go inside, for your finest inspiration your dreams will open the door it makes no difference if youre black or white if youre a boy or a girl if the musics pumping it will give you new life. youre a superstar yes, thats what you are, you know it come on vogue let your body groove to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can do it beautys where you find it not just where you bump. and.

Grind it soul. is in the musical thats where i feel so beautiful magical, lifes a ball, so get up on the dance floor vogue let your body move to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can a pose strike a pose vogue vogue look around, everywhere you turn is heartache its everywhere that you go you try everything you can to escape the pain of life that you know when all else fails and you long to be something better than you are today i. know a place where. where you can get away its called a dance floor and heres what its for, so come on, vogue let your body move to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can do it all you. need is your own imagination so use it thats what its for go inside, for your finest inspiration your dreams will open the door it makes no difference if youre black or white if youre a boy or a girl if the musics pumping it will give you new life. youre a superstar.

Yes, thats. what you are, you know it come on vogue let your body groove to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can do it beautys where you find it not just where you bump. and. grind it soul is in the musical thats where i feel so beautiful magical, lifes a ball, so get up on the dance floor vogue let your body move to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can a pose strike a pose strike a pose vogue vogue look around, everywhere you turn is heartache its everywhere that you go you try everything you can to escape the pain of life that you know when all else fails and you long to be something better than you are today i. know a place where you can get away its called a dance floor and heres what its for, so come on, vogue let your body move to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can do it all you.

You. need is. your own imagination so use it thats what its for go inside, for your finest inspiration your dreams will open the door it makes no difference if youre black or white if youre a boy or a girl if the musics pumping it will give you new life. youre a superstar yes, thats what you are, you know it come on vogue let your body groove to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can do it beautys where you find it not just where you bump. and. grind it soul. is in the musical thats where i feel so beautiful magical, lifes a ball, so get up on the dance floor vogue let your body move to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can a pose strike a pose vogue vogue look around, everywhere you turn is heartache its everywhere that you go you try everything you can to escape the pain of life that you know when all else fails and you long to be something better than you are today i. know a.

Place where. where you can get away its called a dance floor and heres what its for, so come on, vogue let your body move to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can do it all you. need is your own imagination so use it thats what its for go inside, for your finest inspiration your dreams will open the door it makes no difference if youre black or white if youre a boy or a girl if the musics pumping it will give you new life. youre a superstar yes, thats. what you are, you know it come on vogue let your body groove to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can do it beautys where you find it not just where you bump. and. grind it soul is in the musical thats where i feel so beautiful magical, lifes a ball, so get up on the dance floor vogue let your body move to the music hey, hey, hey come on, vogue let your body go with the flow you know you can a pose strike.